SO YOU VOTED ALREADY, RIGHT?
>> I HAVE ALREADY VOTED.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AND I WANT TO MAKE SURE THAT
EVERYBODY IN THE AUDIENCE,
ANYBODY WHO'S WATCHING,
REGARDLESS OF PARTY, REGARDLESS
OF HOW FRUSTRATED SOMETIMES YOU
MAY FEEL ABOUT THE POLITICAL
PROCESS, DO NOT GIVE YOUR POWER
AWAY.
GO AHEAD AND VOTE.
[ CHEERS AND APPLAUSE ]
AND IT'S EASY.
YOU KNOW, MOST STATES NOW HAVE
EARLY VOTE.
SO IT'S NOT LIKE YOU'VE GOT TO
GO RIGHT ON NOVEMBER 8th.
YOU MAY HAVE A COUPLE OF WEEKS.
YOU WALK IN, NOBODY'S THERE, YOU
CAN TAKE YOUR TIME.
BUT I ALWAYS SAY THAT -- I QUOTE
JUSTICE LEWIS BRANDEIS IN
SAYING, THE MOST IMPORTANT
OFFICE IN A DEMOCRACY IS THE
OFFICE OF CITIZEN.
IT'S NOT PRESIDENT.
IT'S NOT CONGRESSMAN.
SENATOR OR GOVERNOR.
IT'S A CITIZEN.
AND EACH OF US HAVE A CERTAIN
RESPONSIBILITY.
WE CAN'T JUST SIT BACK AND
COMPLAIN.
WE'VE GOT TO TRY TO HAVE AN
INFLUENCE.
>> Jimmy: WHO DID YOU VOTE FOR?